break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false


break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false


break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false


break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false


break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: true surprise: false


break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 7 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 6 6 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 5 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 4 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false


break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 2 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 1 1 1 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false


break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 3 3 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 1 2 2 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 0 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 1 0 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 2 3 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 6 5 4 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 4 4 ok: true surprise: true

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 9 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 8 8 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 8 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 7 7 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 6 5 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 3 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 2 2 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 6 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 3 3 4 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 7 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 4 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 8 9 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 1 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 6 7 7 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 4 4 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 3 2 1 ok: true surprise: true
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 2 3 3 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 5 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 8 8 9 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 7 8 8 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 5 5 6 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 9 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 10 10 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 6 6 6 ok: true surprise: false

break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 9 9 10 ok: true surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false
break out at: 0 0 0 ok: false surprise: false

